hi I just wanted to tell you another
dream I had a while back that uh I just
I want to get it out there I want to get
this uh on the the web to let people
pray over this I don't know if this is
during the tribulation that this happens
or if this has happened before the
tribulation but
um you know part of the birthing pains
that happen and so uh in this dream
there's a massive asteroid and it's it's
coming into the Earth and and I see it
and everybody can see it but you could
hear it and it sounded like massive
freight trains and I went and you it's
shaking it's so moving so fast I went
outside in the dream and I look up and
it's just a massive streak of light a
fireball coming out of the sky and it
was moving so quick and so fast that it
sounded like the whole earth was shaking
it was just it was incredible this thing
was humongous and in the dream
um the uni the United States we try to
shoot it down with with a laser beam it
was moving too quick to shoot it down
with a rocket so they used this laser
beam that in my dream it was green and
so they hid it with this laser weapon
and it split the the rock into this
massive asteroid it split it in two and
it busted up all the of this one half
into little bitty fragments but the
other half was still massive and it hit
by um the islands by San Juan Puerto
Rico it hit by um the Bahamas all that
area out there and when it did it it
crashed into the ocean and it created
this massive tsunami I'm talking
humongous like I don't know 100 feet up
or more and it was it was moving so
quick and so fast it covered the islands
up it covered
um haitia they covered those things up
it just like it went over the top of
them and I could see it in the dream
um these islands were just completely
engulfed with water they were just and
it went clear into Africa it went clear
it went clearing but when it came into
America because it was so close it hit
Miami it hit North Carolina and South
Carolina all that area up into there and
it went in but the main area that that I
was shown in the dream was the Miami
area Fort Lauderdale and it went in and
it went in Inland like the one that hit
Japan
and it went the wave was the tsunami and
it went in it washed in and it would
just wiped out houses it wiped out
buildings like they were nothing it just
blew them down and so um there was
millions of people that were uh in
trouble and lost they were dead and the
Lord had me praying and when I woke up
the next day he had me praying for these
people that they would hear hear him and
they would not be there at that time
that they would leave if this is this is
something that was going to happen soon
I don't know to to pray for these people
they would get out of Harm's Way and so
um
uh it was just something that was very
uh when you wake up when you you're in a
cold sweat because it was shook me and
so I was like man Lord I I got to tell
people about this but I've just prayed
over it and and I've uh you know could
see that it was gonna happen or I don't
know you know if we can stop it or
prevent it or or whatever I just felt in
my heart you know this massive tsunami
this massive asteroid coming out of the
sky I you know I've looked on at the
NASA thing looking to see but they
didn't know this was coming they didn't
they didn't uh announce it on TV they
didn't tell people that it was coming it
just happened and it was like like I
said it was humongous and it flew in and
it and it hit out there in the ocean in
the Atlantic and so um it caused a
Devastation worldwide and like I said I
don't know if this is tribulation the
Lord's showing me or if it's something
that happens in the birthing pains but
it's just one of the things I felt like
I should share that the Lord has showed
me thank you very much for watching and
um there's other things that the Lord
showed me and I'm going to tell those in
other videos all right have a blessed
day bye